Created a new ICS file for the call and added it to the readme (#1907)
microsoft/microsoft-ui-xaml: README.md

WinUI can be used in any Windows 10 UWP XAML app, or in a Xamarin.Forms app running on Windows 10 using [native view embedding](https://docs.microsoft.com/xamarin/xamarin-forms/platform/native-views).

## WinUI Community Calls

The WinUI community call is your monthly opportunity to learn about native UX development for Windows with WinUI.

> In these calls we’ll discuss the WinUI roadmap, our status and your feedback.You can now [download an early build of WinUI 3.0 Alpha]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In these calls we’ll discuss the WinUI roadmap, our status and your feedback. You can now [download an early build of WinUI 3.0 Alpha]
```

You can watch them online here on YouTube at the [Windows Developer channel](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCzLbHrU7U3cUDNQWWAqjceA)

> Add the event to your calendar: [ICS calendar file](docs/communitycalls/WinUICommunityCall.ics)

Reviewer: Make this a link to https://aka.ms/winuicommunitycall
```suggestion
Add the event to your calendar: [ICS calendar file](https://aka.ms/winuicommunitycall)
```
